Update cache mediator catalog (#535)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/cache-mediator.md

             <cache collector="false" timeout="60">
                <protocol type="HTTP">
                   <methods>POST</methods>
                   <headersToExcludeInHash />
                   <responseCodes>.*</responseCodes>
                   <hashGenerator>org.wso2.carbon.mediator.cache.digest.HttpRequestHashGenerator</hashGenerator>
                </protocol>
             </cache>
             <call>
                <endpoint key="HelloServiceEndpoint"/>
             </call>
             <property name="RESPONSE" value="true" scope="default" type="STRING" />
             <log level="full" />
             <cache collector="true" />
             <respond />
          </inSequence>
       </target>
    </proxy>          
    ```
=== "Endpoint 1"
    ``` xml
    <endpoint xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse" name="SomeServiceEndpoint">
        <address uri="http://demo0585968.mockable.io/some"/>
    </endpoint>
    ```
=== "Endpoint 2"
    ``` xml
    <endpoint xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse" name="HelloServiceEndpoint">
        <address uri="http://demo0585968.mockable.io/hello"/>
    </endpoint>
    ```

### Example 2

> In this example configuration, when the first message is sent to the endpoint, 

Reviewer: Let's have these in a single line.

the cache is not hit because it is the initial request and the cache is empty. 

> The Cache mediator, configured in the main sequence, caches the response to this message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cache mediator, configured in the inSequence, caches the response to this message. 
```

Author: Shall I wrap this sequence inside an API? I left the sequence's name as main, Shall I change it to avoid confusions with previously existed main sequence?

configuration. The onCacheHit element specifies that a cached response should be immediately returned if a cache hit 
occurs, without forwarding the request to the backend service again. This mechanism significantly improves 
the performance for repeated requests with the same cache key.

=== "Sequence"
    ``` xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <sequence name="main" trace="disable" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <cache id="simpleCache" scope="per-host" collector="false" hashGenerator="org.wso2.carbon.mediator.cache.digest.DOMHASHGenerator" timeout="20" maxMessageSize="10000">
            <implementation type="memory" maxSize="100"/>
            <onCacheHit>
                <respond/>
            </onCacheHit>
            <protocol type="HTTP">
                <methods>POST</methods>
                <headersToExcludeInHash/>
                <responseCodes>2[0-9][0-9]</responseCodes>
                <enableCacheControl>false</enableCacheControl>
                <includeAgeHeader>false</includeAgeHeader>
            </protocol>
        </cache>
        <call>
            <endpoint key="SimpleStockQuoteEndpoint"/>

>         </call>

Reviewer: A respond mediator should be needed here.

Author: Shall I wrap this sequence inside an API? I left the sequence's name as `main`, Shall I change it to avoid confusions with previously existed main sequence?

`         RESPONSE        ` property to consider the message as a
response message.

=== "API"
    ``` xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

>         <api context="/cache" name="cacheAPI" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">

Reviewer: Check formatting

                    <implementation maxSize="1000"/>
                </cache>
                <call>
                    <endpoint key="stockQuoteServiceEP"/>
                </call>
                <property name="RESPONSE" scope="default" type="STRING" value="true"/>
                <enrich>
                <source type="inline" clone="true">
                    <ax21:newvalue
                        xmlns:ax21="http://services.samples/xsd">testsamplevalue
                        </ax21:newvalue>
                    </source>
                    <target xmlns:ax21="http://services.samples/xsd" xmlns:ns="http://services.samples" action="sibling" xpath="//ns:getQuoteResponse/ns:return/ax21:volume"/>
                </enrich>
                <cache collector="true"/>
                <respond/>
            </inSequence>
            <faultSequence>
            </faultSequence>
        </resource>
    </api>
    ```
=== "Endpoint"
    ``` xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <endpoint xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse" name="stockQuoteServiceEP">
        <address uri="http://localhost:9000/services/SimpleStockQuoteService"/>
    </endpoint>
    ```

> ### Invalidating cached responses remotely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Invalidate cached responses remotely
```
